Tuesday and Thursday - 10:40 - 11:20 (Every Week)

8/30/2018 - 10:40-11:20
Things Discussed: Team members familiarity with technologies and languages, also decided about the project that we are going to work on.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/4/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Project description and what are the languages that are to be used for the project.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/6/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: The features the project is going to have.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/6/2018 - 5:30 pm - 7:30 pm 
Things Discussed: The Requirements of the project, it's modules and their breif functionality.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/11/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Discussed the risks involved in the project.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/12/2018 - 3:00 pm - 4:45 pm 
Things Discussed: Team member roles and project repository policies. 
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/13/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Presentation.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/17/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Setting up the environment required for the project.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/20/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Elicitation Workshop, took some valuable input from another team and looked into the features that they suggested.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/25/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Summary of elicitation workshop - Decided on what features we are going to implement from the elicitation workshop.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

9/26/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Contents of deliverable 2, system features and user constraints.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/02/2018 - 10:40 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Contents of deliverable 2, user interfaces and phases of development.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/04/2018 - 10:00 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Project Peer Review.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/15/2018 - 16:00 - 17:30
Things Discussed: Setting up project repository structure and revising the database design.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/16/2018 - 10:00 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Made sure the project was up and running every member's system.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/18/2018 - 1:00pm - 3:40pm
Things Discussed: Created a new project directory structure, and made sure it runs on everyone's system.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/23/2018 - 10:00 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Re evaluated how many features do we have to deliver by the end of phase 1.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/25/2018 - 10:00 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Re-evaluated the front-end design.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

10/25/2018 - 1:00pm - 2:30pm
Things Discussed: Tried to integrate the modules developed by us.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

11/02/2018 - 4:00pm - 5:30pm
Things Discussed: Discussed the requirements for next phase and divided front-end and back-end roles. 
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

11/06/2018 - 10:00 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Discussed the error scenarios we where facing during development and tried to fixed them.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

11/08/2018 - 10:00 - 11:20
Things Discussed: Re evaluated the remaining phase 2 requirements and implemented them as required.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

11/16/2018 - 3:00pm - 4:00pm
Things Discussed: Discussed about phase 3 requirements and distributed the roles accordingly.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.

11/20/2018 - 10:30am - 11:30am
Things Discussed: Distributed the responsibilities of the deliverable 5 and discussed about the requirements of phase 3 and re evaluated them accordingly.
Members Present: Sri Sravya, Amisha, Aboubakar and Haidi.


